Removed kubenet reference from docs (#31667)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins.md

<!-- overview -->

> 
> Network plugins in Kubernetes come only as CNI plugins:
> 
> * CNI plugins: adhere to the [Container Network Interface](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni) (CNI) specification, designed for interoperability.
>   * Kubernetes follows the [v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI specification.

Reviewer: A possible further tweak:
```suggestion
Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} supports [Container Network Interface](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni)
(CNI) plugins for cluster networking. You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with your cluster
and that suits your needs. Different plugins are available (both open- and closed- source) in the
wider Kubernetes ecosystem.

You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the
[v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI specification.
```

Author: done.

<!-- body -->

## Installation

> The kubelet has a single default network plugin, and a default network common to the entire cluster.The CRI manages its own CNI plugins. There are two Kubelet command line parameters to keep in mind when using plugins:

Reviewer: This revised paragraph might need technical review. I don't think there is a default network plugin for the kubelet now that `dockershim` is gone.

<!-- overview -->

Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} supports [Container Network Interface](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni)
(CNI) plugins for cluster networking. You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with your cluster and that suits your needs. Different plugins are available (both open- and closed- source) in the wider Kubernetes ecosystem.

You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the
[v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI specification.

<!-- body -->

## Installation

> The kubelet has a single default network plugin, and a default network common to the entire cluster.The CRI manages its own CNI plugins. There are two Kubelet command line parameters to keep in mind when using plugins:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The kubelet has a single default network plugin, and a default network common to the entire cluster. The CRI manages its own CNI plugins. There are two Kubelet command line parameters to keep in mind when using plugins:
```
nit: missing space, can be fixed in a follow-up PR

Reviewer: > The kubelet has a single default network plugin

Is this true for v1.24 and later?

* CNI plugins: adhere to the [Container Network Interface](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni) (CNI) specification, designed for interoperability.
  * Kubernetes follows the [v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI specification.

> * Kubenet plugin: implements basic `cbr0` using the `bridge` and `host-local` CNI plugins

Reviewer: It sounds like the _only_ game in town is now CNI plugins. If that's true (I think it is), we need to rewrite the page overview to make that clear.

Author: Thanks @sftim, In https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/106907, `--network-plugin` was removed. Can we remove this file?

Reviewer: Which file do you propose to remove @mk46?

Author: `content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins.md`
